I can't say that either for games I say
three games is gonna be like five games
I said five is gonna be three it's gonna
be it's gonna be competitive Travis all
right it is the end of quarterfinals I'm
here with prolly who was hanging his
head in shame because he did not expect
to be able to get his team past
quarterfinals and we were just he has no
plan now he's he's screwed I'm shocked I
don't know it's my life anymore not
because of the players but he just he
arises how little effort he's put into
this year and so now to actually have to
deal with that it's yeah it's sad to see
my whole diabolical plan fail in front
of my eyes with that that terrifying
three oh damn it yeah yeah and by the
way I was you guys looked like you were
losing for most of authorial at every
game so kind of these style baby yeah
you never count us out yeah oops we
accidentally what a good yeah well this
coverage of course brought to you by
Omni slash joined right now by prolly so
so what were those games like to you
okay when you are losing the majority of
the game are you just sitting there
being like oh oh we're gonna
lose this or you just like it doesn't
matter cuz in 30 minutes we're just
gonna win a teamfight Russian and kill
their Nexus I maybe it's a bit of both
cuz I think I would I don't know how I
could behave if I like gave up on games
so even when were sitting there like 10k
gold behind I'm like oh yeah we got this
we've got to do a couple of things
correct it always got to do this and it
we can win so I'm still like even when
we're behind very judgmental of how we
were playing the game and not really
being like oh well we lost this early
and we should we should lose this game
something like that so yeah I kind of
I'm always just waiting to change how
we're playing something to kind of make
it a bit better cuz don't like getting
any clues in situations all the time
it's not great but I like that we can
wiggle our way out of
TSM just walk faster
yeah what are they doing are you gonna
play them in the finals oh we they would
have to win and we have to win and yeah
we'll play - is that is that our choice
like we can choose like right down on
the ballot asking do you think that's
what's gonna happen
I think their games a little bit messy
see what's up dude their games looks
really freak has some interesting
sunglasses they look like normal
sunglasses I guess I thought there's
something different about this hello I'm
eavesdropping and adding to your viewer
count because now you can name drop me
in the interview I love you probably
that's so tracks from it that's there's
one way to get down votes and that's
anyway we were talking do you think do
you think it'll be 100 T and TS my
roommate I helped him get that jacket he
was supposed to come on hotline leak
tomorrow and then he cancelled for the
third week in a row and now he's just
growing what you don't know I live with
Kobe no why would I know that what is
the number one talk in the town well I'm
not in this town apparently
okay so 110 TSM it's gonna happen in the
finals
oh why that's not even like a rivalry or
anything I just ask is I it's a great
question because TSM walked by and it
forces you to predict the next two
matches yeah now I think c9 could be TSM
and will be TL and then we'll play c9
and finals that would be one of the most
unexpected finals I think because c9
looked like they were losing at I know
everybody believes them Team Liquid so
people I think would not expect like it
would be a big surprise the thing to see
you see 900 T well I'm still not sure I
can't like value the hype between c9 and
TSM because they're both like had really
bad showings and now they're kind of
bringing it together so they both have
like similar stories where it's like all
coming together so who's more hyped
right now I've seen I got to buy but TSM
like recently played I can't tell okay I
think probably c9 is more hyped anything
guys won right well TSN just went to
they had to go to five games to get
their way past echo fox they do have to
go to five games and
we're not pretty and I don't run over
the last time c9 lost a game many moons
ago
it's like week five or something week
yeah something so they've been winning
for quite some time
so there's guaranteed good I mean I'm
just saying like the TSM hypest I don't
think we're at this unite hype is okay
so then yeah I'll good to see Nathan
back to these games is it intentional
that you guys want
what were you always interested in going
to the late game um like where do you
feel like you were picking because I'm
trying to conceptualize why this happens
like why is it that you you guys were
losing and I'm in all these games losing
so much and then finally winning and so
I'm trying to understand why that was
like a thread through all of it I don't
know if that was part of the strategy
and it was somewhat of just an artifact
that comps or if it's like like let's
just messes up if you drag it out long
enough I don't know I guess it's kind of
like all those things at once really
like it's weird because the last like
two times we played fly quest it was
like our early games were like
destroying there's like I think the
first game like a sin like 10 minutes or
something and then the second game like
you know we don't talk about the second
game cuz it ended the way it ended so I
expect us to have a lot better
early game than we did today actually
that's something that we've been
practicing so I wasn't like planning for
like hey let's just go to 40 minutes and
teamfight but when we do get to that
point I know we're like practice and
confident and so it's like an insurance
policy but not something I picked on
purpose yeah yeah alright and you and
you think you'll be able to recover the
early game for next week uh yeah I mean
I think TL has like a decent like
mid-late game with us pretty similar so
if we're able to do like early game
properly and just like play like we just
can't be losing to early game like we
were today
I think TL is a good enough team that if
they were given like the fly quest leads
they could probably snowball it it would
be much harder for us to one so yeah we
only got like three days of practice on
this patch because you get tie breakers
and then we had cancels in scrims so we
had very low prac
sounds like a lot of people were sick
yeah people were dying this week yeah I
just found this out so honey obviously I
think is someone that they were all
talking about but yeah it seems like a
lot of players I st. said the same thing
that's like was that he had players that
were super sick too
so I don't know if anyone was screaming
this week yeah I think everyone got
really like low practice this week so
hopefully maybe next week it'll be a lot
better but I wonder if that's good for
TL and c9 cuz I wonder if they've been
screaming each other if they are in
healthy situation then that might be
good for them yeah I think they probably
were they don't want to deal with these
you know quarter-finalists those guys
what do you think about team like we're
picking you thank you
that's a Zale he thinks I'm doing a
great job and I should keep it up okay I
could okay well do you guys didn't hear
that but he said I'm doing an amazing
job and I'm impeccable and he was
encouraging probably because probably
suffers from low self-esteem hear that I
think you should go to the doctor if
that's absolutely not what he said I
think that's what he said we need a
second camera just for all the cameos
that occur on that side or just just my
cameraman just running around with like
a camera and he's just like chasing the
people as they're saying stuff like when
they come out like we'll just this is
tied right so we need a stand yeah we
need to buy something called a Ronin in
order to do that which is like a big rig
that somebody carries the camera around
on cuz doesn't shake everywhere and also
cause like a tripod it's not very mobile
a tripod is the opposite of mobile it's
that you stick it down to it's supposed
to stay there I mean you can still pick
it up yeah that's true
yeah but look how wobbly it is right now
people are getting nauseous just
watching this footage yeah anyway okay
so what how do you predict Team
likelet's games to go next week
yeah and that surprise they picked us
well I don't have f surprised I don't
wanna talk about that yet okay I can't I
don't want to jinx it like I don't know
that cop will be great early games in
blah blah blah that's like I can't have
two three three oh five games three oh
five games I can't say that either four
games I say three games is gonna be like
five games I said five is gonna be three
it's gonna be it's gonna be competitive
Travis that's all I can say and then
hopefully it doesn't turn in with
today's wouldnt you actually do play an
Oakland regardless yeah I guess but
that's not really fun I'm not going to
Oakland for third fourth okay I mean you
have missed the finals before by one
match huh
in worlds at Worlds yeah
weren't you in the semi-finals oh we're
in semifinals yeah but we got and if
you'd won then you would have gone to
finals yeah but we needed to win a lot
we won none so that was a hard hard a
match so I wouldn't say that's as close
as we are now different scale a final so
I think you would rather make semifinals
in that worlds the big finals in summer
yeah I agree
can I like rub the magic lamp to get
that wish instead of this one you've
been saying everything you say jinx is
you so I think it's too late I should
stop talking to you you're kind of like
a demon yeah I get that a lot
is there anything you want to say to any
of the 100 these fans thanks for
supporting us sorry is a rough ending of
the split but hopefully we'll give you
some more confidence in our next few
games thank you - probably for the
interview I requested an interview with
102 player 102 player didn't feel like
it so then I had to go grovel - probably
which was the worst experience I've ever
had in my life so we did get the
interview you can check out the rest of
my coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel hey guys it's
me Travis cafard you may know me from
the interview that you just watched the
end so that you're seeing the outro now
wanted to give you a heads up that if
you subscribe to the YouTube channel
you're actually a better human being and
by the way thank you so much to Omni
slash for making this all possible